[21106] Add missing documentation of netmask filter and max_msg_size_no_frag in TransportConfigQos (#788)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/core/policy/eprosimaExtensions.rst

   * - |TransportConfigQos::builtin_transports_reception_threads-api|
     - |ThreadSettings|
     -
   * - |TransportConfigQos::max_msg_size_no_frag-api|
     - ``uint32_t``
     - 0
   * - |TransportConfigQos::netmask_filter-api|
     - ``fastdds::rtps::NetmaskFilterKind``

>      - ``AUTO``

Reviewer: We should update the snippets of the example in line 1061

  be changed using this data member.
* |TransportConfigQos::builtin_transports_reception_threads-api|:
  The |ThreadSettings| for the reception threads of the builtin transports.
* |TransportConfigQos::max_msg_size_no_frag-api|:

>   Maximum message size used to avoid fragmentation, set only in LARGE_DATA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Maximum message size used to avoid fragmentation.
  Useful when the configured transports allow for big datagrams to be sent (i.e. SHM or TCP).
```
